headless documentation (#173)
criipto/docs: src/pages/verify/getting-started/oidc-intro.mdx

#### [4. The CIBA flow](/verify/getting-started/oidc-intro/#authenticate-with-ciba)
The CIBA flow is designed for use cases where the client application isn't directly operated by the end-user but can trigger the authentication process on their behalf. A canonical example is a call center agent verifying a caller's identity.

#### [4. The Headless flow](/verify/getting-started/oidc-intro/#authenticate-headless)

> The Headless flow is a custom protocol by Criipto that allows interacting with eIDs which offers a poll based workflow, where user agent redirect is not required.

Reviewer: offers -> offer

}
```

## Authenticate with Headless

Headless flow is a custom protocol provided by Criipto that is very similar to <a href="https://openid.net/specs/openid-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication-core-1_0.html" target="_blank">CIBA</a> but with a few key differences.

> Where CIBA requires that the user is known in advance so that a request may be sent directly to the authentication device, headless instead returns values to the relying party so that they may trigger necessary UI or interaction elements with the user directly.

Reviewer: We should consistently write "Headless" and not "headless"

}
```

## Authenticate with Headless

Headless flow is a custom protocol provided by Criipto that is very similar to <a href="https://openid.net/specs/openid-client-initiated-backchannel-authentication-core-1_0.html" target="_blank">CIBA</a> but with a few key differences.

Where CIBA requires that the user is known in advance so that a request may be sent directly to the authentication device, headless instead returns values to the relying part so that they may trigger necessary UI or interaction elements with the user directly.

Headless is an extension to OpenID Connect. However, unlike in other OpenID Connect flows, there is a direct communication between your application and the OpenID Provider (Criipto Verify), without redirects through the user's browser.

Headless supports use cases not covered by other OpenID Connect flows, such as: 

- Rendering UI elements in your own webpage instead of via a Criipto redirect
- Performing app2app where a browser is not required

Criipto Verify supports Headless for the Swedish BankID

### Example request

> The client application shall make an `HTTP POST` request to the backchannel authentication endpoint to ask for end-user authentication. 

Reviewer: I think this reads better:
```suggestion
The client application sends an `HTTP POST` request to the backchannel authentication endpoint to ask for end-user authentication. 
```

Author: Copy-pasta from the CIBA docs so no real feelings about it for me

_The Headless flow is only available for confidential clients, and the example below uses [private key JWTs](/verify/guides/privatekey-jwt/) for client authentication._ 

```text
HTTP POST https://YOUR_SUBDOMAIN.criipto.id/headless/authorize
Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

scope=openid
&acr_values=urn:grn:authn:se:bankid
&client_assertion_type=urn:ietf:params:oauth:client-assertion-type:jwt-bearer
&client_assertion=YOUR_JWT_ASSERTION
```

### Example response

> Successful response will contain the request id, `headless_req_id`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A successful response will contain the request id, `headless_req_id`:
```

```text
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json
{ 
  "headless_req_id" : "3857f8ff-21b9-48ae-a732-a3bd8128a7ae",
  "expires_in" : 120

>   "[acr_values]": {... idp specific metadata ...}

Reviewer 2: The `idp` term here - does it mean `Criipto Verify`, the underlying native e-ID provider, or a combination of both?

Author: e-ID provider, so likely better to use that term instead of IdP since that could mean either.
will update

}
```

### Polling

Poll the token endpoint (`/oauth2/token`) providing the `headless_req_id`:

```text
HTTP POST https://YOUR_DOMAIN.criipto.id/oauth2/token

> Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded

Reviewer 2: Maybe also allow `json`-based integrations? 

Would make it easier for many clients, and given we are using a proprietary protocol, not too far-fetched to not only rely on the archaic `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`.

Author: Definitely an option.
The goal is currently to stay close to how OAuth2/OpenID protocols usually are defined.
